Something incredibly disturbing happened to the ancient Egyptians.
And in this video,
I'm going to share with you the mounting evidence that a cataclysmic event
killed off the ancients that predate the dynastic Egyptians.
For example,
I'm going to discuss a destroyed pyramid that many who have visited the site and
have studied megalithic structures for their career had described as looking
like it's been blown up or even an entirely new pyramid discovered just a few
months ago, that is in ruins and buried under the sands of Egypt.
What on earth would it take to destroy a pyramid or even take the bent
pyramid, for example, as I'll discuss,
what on earth would it take to put a huge dent in a pyramid? Or how about,
what would it take to knock down a 100 foot,
1000 ton statue? Could it be more than just an earthquake? I mean, take,
for example, the Colossi of Memnon,
which we'll also discuss why on earth do they have incredible scorch marks on
them when they're made and carved out of one solid piece of court site? I mean,
court site melts at 3000 degrees Fahrenheit. In fact,
they're finding sites throughout Egypt that have unusual scar and charring marks
on the stones, which are just unexplainable.
Is it possible that this all ties into a little known fact that the mid east is
covered with melt glass?
And the only thing that could have done this is atomic explosions or cosmic
events such as air bursts or cosmic impacts.
And I'll be discussing that in just a moment.
Let me start off by discussing the destroyed pyramid of Jeffery located in Abra
wash,
which is approximately eight kilometers north of Giza mainstream archeologists
have no explanation for this and why it's been destroyed.
They describe it as the top half of the pyramid is just completely missing and
is nowhere to be found.
They speculate that the stones after being destroyed was quarried and used for
something else. And that perhaps you debt-free,
the Pharaoh was disliked and the essentially while literally turned his pyramid
into ruins. But when you look at these photos here,
something tells me that it was far more than just a mob of angry ancient
Egyptians with bronze pickaxes. I mean,
even take a look at photos of the internal structure. I mean,
this thing is just clearly something incredible happened to it.
And just to clarify, if you've seen the documentary, the pyramid code,
which I highly recommend, you can find it on Netflix or YouTube.
This site is not the same one that I described in a prior video about the
unfinished pyramid of [inaudible]
, which is the one that the Egyptian authorities have since turned into a trash dump as I described in that prior video. But no, this is not the same site that was in that documentary or visited by
Brian Forester, who I'll discuss in just a few moments.
In fact,
they're 10 miles apart and they're two totally separate locations and they have
unique features of themselves,
but clearly there's a lot of similarities here as well.
But speaking of Brian Forester,
I highly recommend that you subscribe to his channel.
He is going to the field far more than any mainstream archeologists. I mean,
I can't say that for certainty. He hasn't said that,
but he goes to dozens of megalithic sites throughout the world, many countries,
places that you never even heard of.
And he shows you firsthand through awesome video. Tography the,
all the evidence incredible details that have been left out of the textbooks.
And this is the guy that inspired me to look into the topic of ancient human
civilization.
So you got to check him out and take a look at these screenshots that I took
from one of his videos where he shows you these debris fields,
as well as these unusual char marks located on stones throughout ancient Egypt.
So definitely go check him out. Now, like I mentioned, early in the video,
they found an entirely new pyramid just a few months ago in March of this year.
And I actually made a video on this, but it's worth discussing again,
this was covered by every single major news outlet throughout the world.
And although there's so few photos of the site so far,
because they're still excavating it, the one thing that's absolutely incredible,
it was not even mentioned or discussed. I should say,
in these articles is the fact that it's in ruins.
Why on earth are they finding destroyed pyramids buried under the sands of
Egypt? Because again, what on earth would it take to destroy a pyramid?
And why are the mainstream archeologists and Egyptologists not making a bigger
deal about this? I mean,
that's an incredible thing for a pyramid to be destroyed. Is it not?
And that brings me onto the bent pyramid.
Mainstream will tell you that this pyramid was a design flaw that essentially
the Egyptians were transitioning from the step pyramid over to the traditional
looking pyramids and they simply screwed up,
but there's so many things wrong with that theory. I mean,
clearly you can see here that the dent in it, or the design flaws,
they call it happens halfway up.
So why didn't they stop fix the problem or just move on to something else
altogether? Why did they bother finishing it? And not only did they finish it,
they went ahead and laid all the limestone casing stones throughout the whole
thing top to bottom. Why bother doing that?
If you had already ruined the pyramid from the get-go,
is it possible that this is evidence of a major cataclysmic event?
And that reminds me,
I have to correct myself from my prior video where I stated that the mainstream
states that the step pyramid of Doescher came after the pyramids of Giza.
That's not true at all. In fact, they state that it was the very first pyramid,
but the point that I was trying to make is that there are approximately 88,
0 known pyramids throughout Egypt. And obviously they keep finding new ones,
but the great pyramid of Giza was built seventh,
according to mainstream archeologists and Egyptologists.
So after the pyramids of Giza were completed, there's about 70,
73 other pyramids that were built after. And when you look at these,
you'll see that none of them compare whatsoever from the precision and
sophistication to that of the pyramids of Giza.
So the question again is why is technology regressing?
Why are the best pyramids, the earliest ones I should say. Now,
let me move on to the massive statue located at the REM of Siham nearly 100 feet
tall and weighing estimated more than 1000 tons.
What on earth would it take to bring this thing down? I mean,
I suppose an earthquake is a completely logical explanation,
but just take a second to look at this thing. I mean,
the feet themselves are up to my chest and just to put it into comparison,
the statue of Liberty, although taller ways in a 225 tons.
So compare that to 1000 times,
but is it possible that some sort of cataclysmic event brought that thing down?
I mean, look at the Colossi of Memnon, like I mentioned earlier,
60 feet tall weighing 720 tons of piece carved
from one solid piece of court site.
What on earth would it take to burn that thing?
Quartzite melts at approximately 3000 degrees Fahrenheit. So I mean, guys,
this is something far more than some gasoline dumpster fire by an angry mob.
I mean, just look at this thing, something incredible happened to it.
And I made a video on this. It's one of my earlier videos and by the way,
this stone,
the closest site they have where quartzite could have come from is about 200
miles away. So how on earth are,
why on earth would they bring something so big and so heavy this far,
but going back to the evidence of a cataclysm,
wildly finding vast amounts of milk glass throughout the mid east,
from Libya, Egypt, Syria,
and this all coincides with the same exact timeframe of the younger Dryas impact
boundary, which has found for more than three continents.
And I would say that Africa now applies for continent number four.
So what on earth would it take to do this either an atomic bomb,
which I am just,
that's not where my bet is on or an asteroid cosmic impact or an airburst.
I mean, we all remember the air burst that happened over Russia in 2013,
which injured 1500 people and caused an incredible amount of damage.
And that was equivalent to about 30 times that of the strength of the Hiroshima
bomb. Now, when we compare that to the [inaudible] event from 1908,
that flattened more than 800 square miles of old growth forest,
and we're talking trees 150 feet tall with incredibly deep roots.
And every one of them practically was leveled.
And even the evidence is still visible more than a hundred years later.
And that, by the way, just to put it in comparison,
registered at more than estimated 1000 times stronger than a Hiroshima bomb,
is it possible that some sort of massive air burst an airburst from hell
happened over ancient Egypt and just destroyed that civilization altogether?
Clearly something incredible happened over Egypt at some point in time.
And I highly recommend you look into the works of not just Brian Forester,
but Graham Hancock, Randall Carlson, Robert [inaudible], uh,  John Anthony West,
um, Christopher Dunn, Steven mailer
. I mean, there's so many people that have inspired me to look into this subject. So you have to look into these people because I'm still learning new things every day. So if this subject interests, you definitely look into these people, but I'm going to leave it at that. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight like, and subscribe. And I have many other videos to come on a whole wide variety of topics. Take care, everybody.